README.md, before:


![logo.png](https://plato.instantasp.co.uk/plato.site/content/images/logo-text.png)

![dotNetCore31](https://img.shields.io/static/v1?label=.NET+Core&message=3.1&color=green) ![mvc6](https://img.shields.io/static/v1?label=MVC&message=6&color=green) ![csharp8](https://img.shields.io/static/v1?label=C%23&message=8&color=green) ![bootstrap4](https://img.shields.io/static/v1?label=Bootstrap&message=4&color=green) 

Welcome to the official repository for Plato.

Plato is free, open source user community & customer support software built upon .NET Core. Plato offers a complete suite of fully integrated tools to help anyone provide a simple, branded support site for your users or customers.

Plato can be used to...

- Collaborate with your users through fully featured public or private discussions
- Easily publish beautiful product or technical documentation to help your users
- Provide an online knowledge base of helpful support resources
- Support products through public or private Q&A features
- Shape products through public or private product ideation & voting
- Improve products through public or private issue tracking & voting

Plato is written in C# using ASP.NET Core 3.1, MVC6 & Bootstrap 4.

## Live Demo

Our demo provides full access to the Plato administrator dashaboard allowing you to explore Plato...

https://plato.instantasp.co.uk/discuss/t/160/plato-demo

## Plato In Action

You can see below the main modules offered with Plato. You can custom fit Plato to suite your specific requirements via [hundreds of extra modules](https://plato.instantasp.co.uk/modules).

### Discuss

Plato.Discuss adds a fully featured user community to Plato.

![discuss.png](https://plato.instantasp.co.uk/plato.site/content/images/discuss.png)

### Docs

Plato.Docs adds beautiful product documentation all written in Markdown to Plato.

![docs.png](https://plato.instantasp.co.uk/plato.site/content/images/docs.png)

### Articles

Plato.Articles adds a searchable knowledgebase to Plato. 

![articles.png](https://plato.instantasp.co.uk/plato.site/content/images/articles.png)

### Questions

Plato.Questions adds public or private Q&A to Plato.

![questions.png](https://plato.instantasp.co.uk/plato.site/content/images/questions.png)

### Ideas

Plato.Ideas adds public or private ideation to Plato.

![ideas.png](https://plato.instantasp.co.uk/plato.site/content/images/ideas.png)

### Issues

Plato.Issues adds public or private issues tracking to Plato.

![issues.png](https://plato.instantasp.co.uk/plato.site/content/images/issues.png)

## Web Site

To learn more about Plato please visit the projedts official web site...

https://plato.instantasp.co.uk/

## Documentation

Our documentation is probably the best place to get started with Plato.

https://plato.instantasp.co.uk/docs/

## Community

Please discuss Plato, post your questions, suggest ideas or report issues via our own Plato installation at...

https://plato.instantasp.co.uk/support/

# Navigating the Code

### Core

You can browse the PlatoCore project here...

https://github.com/InstantASP/Plato/tree/master/src/Core

### Modules

Modules provide the real funcitonality offered by Plato. You can browse all official modules here...

https://github.com/InstantASP/Plato/tree/master/src/Web/Modules

### Web Site

The Plato web site is minimal but can be found here...

https://github.com/InstantASP/Plato/tree/master/src/Web

# Versions

### Stable Branch ( master )

For the latest stable releases please see our [releases page](https://github.com/InstantASP/plato/releases).

### Experimental Branches

Only the master branch is suitible for production. All other branches are development branches and should never be used in production.

# Contributions

We welcome contributions and will always support and assist contributors. Before considering a contribution please see our [simple guidelines](https://github.com/InstantASP/plato/blob/master/CONTRIBUTING.md). 

# Security

We strive to ensure Plato is as secure as possible. Plato is open source software and the code can be reviewed by anyone on the internet. We are confident in the quality of our code and have nothing to hide but should you discover any vulnerabilities, attacks or room for improvement please do let us know immediately via email to [sales@instantasp.co.uk](mailto:sales@instantasp.co.uk) and we will assist as quickly as possible. 

# License

Plato is **100% free** and **open source** software licensed under the GNU General Public License 3.0. Before using Plato please review [the GPL 3.0 license](https://github.com/InstantASP/plato/blob/master/COPYING) and ensure your happy with the terms and conditions defined by the license.

---

Created with ❤️ ☕ 🍕 by [InstantASP](https://www.instantasp.co.uk/) - [Who said sit down :)](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=U9t-slLl30E)


&copy; All content is copyright of InstantASP Limited.

Commit message:

TYPO: Updating readme - fixing spelling errors + adding files & sponsorship text

README.md, after:


![logo.png](https://plato.instantasp.co.uk/plato.site/content/images/logo-text.png)

![dotNetCore31](https://img.shields.io/static/v1?label=.NET+Core&message=3.1&color=green) ![mvc6](https://img.shields.io/static/v1?label=MVC&message=6&color=green) ![csharp8](https://img.shields.io/static/v1?label=C%23&message=8&color=green) ![bootstrap4](https://img.shields.io/static/v1?label=Bootstrap&message=4&color=green) 

Welcome to the official repository for Plato.

Plato is free, open source user community & customer support software built upon .NET Core. Plato offers a complete suite of fully integrated tools to help anyone provide a simple, branded support site for your users or customers.

Plato can be used to...

- Collaborate with your users through fully featured public or private discussions
- Easily publish beautiful product or technical documentation to help your users
- Provide an online knowledge base of helpful support resources
- Support products through public or private Q&A features
- Shape products through public or private product ideation & voting
- Improve products through public or private issue tracking & voting
- Share files publicly or privately with your users or team

Plato is written in C# using ASP.NET Core 3.1, MVC6 & Bootstrap 4.

## Live Demo

Our demo provides full access to the Plato administrator dashaboard allowing you to explore Plato...

https://plato.instantasp.co.uk/discuss/t/160/plato-demo

## Plato In Action

You can see below the main modules offered with Plato. You can custom fit Plato to suite your specific requirements via [hundreds of extra modules](https://plato.instantasp.co.uk/features/modules).

### Discuss

Plato.Discuss adds a fully featured user community to Plato.

![discuss.png](https://plato.instantasp.co.uk/plato.site/content/images/discuss.png)

### Docs

Plato.Docs adds beautiful product documentation all written in Markdown to Plato.

![docs.png](https://plato.instantasp.co.uk/plato.site/content/images/docs.png)

### Articles

Plato.Articles adds a searchable knowledgebase to Plato. 

![articles.png](https://plato.instantasp.co.uk/plato.site/content/images/articles.png)

### Questions

Plato.Questions adds public or private Q&A to Plato.

![questions.png](https://plato.instantasp.co.uk/plato.site/content/images/questions.png)

### Ideas

Plato.Ideas adds public or private ideation to Plato.

![ideas.png](https://plato.instantasp.co.uk/plato.site/content/images/ideas.png)

### Issues

Plato.Issues adds public or private issues tracking to Plato.

![issues.png](https://plato.instantasp.co.uk/plato.site/content/images/issues.png)

## Web Site

To learn more about Plato please visit the projects  official web site...

https://plato.instantasp.co.uk/

## Documentation

Our documentation is probably the best place to get started with Plato.

https://plato.instantasp.co.uk/docs/

## Community

Please discuss Plato, post your questions, suggest ideas or report issues via our own Plato installation at...

https://plato.instantasp.co.uk/support/

# Navigating the Code

### Core

You can browse the PlatoCore project here...

https://github.com/InstantASP/Plato/tree/master/src/Core

### Modules

Modules provide the real functionality offered by Plato. You can browse all official modules here...

https://github.com/InstantASP/Plato/tree/master/src/Web/Modules

### Web App

The Plato web app is minimal but can be found here...

https://github.com/InstantASP/Plato/tree/master/src/Web

# Versions

### Stable Branch ( master )

Whilst we will always try to keep the master branch as stable as possible for production environments, we would always suggest using the latest official release from the [releases page](https://github.com/InstantASP/plato/releases).

### Experimental Branches

All other branches are development branches and should never be used in production.

# Contributions

We welcome contributions and will always support and assist contributors. Before considering a contribution please see our [simple guidelines](https://github.com/InstantASP/plato/blob/master/CONTRIBUTING.md). 

# Security

We strive to ensure Plato is as secure as possible. Plato is open source software and the code can be reviewed by anyone on the internet. We are confident in the quality of our code and have nothing to hide but should you discover any vulnerabilities, attacks or room for improvement please do let us know immediately via email to [sales@instantasp.co.uk](mailto:sales@instantasp.co.uk) and we will assist as quickly as possible. 

# License

Plato is **100% free** and **open source** software licensed under the GNU General Public License 3.0. Before using Plato please review [the GPL 3.0 license](https://github.com/InstantASP/plato/blob/master/COPYING) and ensure your happy with the terms and conditions defined by the license.

# Commercial Use

Whilst Plato is free & open source software if your using Plato for commercial purposes please consider supporting the ongoing development of Plato by purchasing a [paid license](https://plato.instantasp.co.uk/pricing). 

Buying a license helps us keep Plato free & open source for those less fortunate and ensures you receive the latest updates & guaranteed priority technical support. We sincerely appreciate you using Plato and will go above and beyond to support those that support us.

---

Created with ❤️ ☕ 🍕 by [InstantASP](https://www.instantasp.co.uk/) - [Better together](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=U9t-slLl30E)

Copyright &copy; 2020 All Rights Reserved. InstantASP Ltd
